add some comments docs to get started (#12293)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/data/comments.mdx

---

> title: Comments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Replay comments
```

import {ProductScreenshot} from 'components/ProductScreenshot'

export const quickReactionsLight = "https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/quick_reactions_light_971a45a8cc.png"
export const quickReactionsDark = "https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/quick_reactions_dark_412eed0c48.png"

export const showingInTimelineLight = "https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/showing_in_timeline_light_006933aee6.png"
export const showingInTimelineDark = "https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/showing_in_timeline_dark_171c064db4.png"

export const whereToClickLight = "https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/where_to_click_light_ee28583dce.png"
export const whereToClickDark = "https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/where_to_click_dark_1ba3ca4d23.png"

export const addCommentLight = "https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/adding_a_comment_light_f481a19ca9.png"
export const addCommentDark = "https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/adding_a_comment_dark_55457f2e3c.png"

Comments enable you to add written notes to a particular time on a session recording so you can highlight what you see.

## Creating a comment

> When viewing a recording you can press 'c' or click the comment button at the bottom of the recording.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When viewing a recording, you can press 'c' or click the comment button at the bottom of the recording.
```

<ProductScreenshot
    imageLight={whereToClickLight}
    imageDark={whereToClickDark}
    alt="Where to click to start commenting"
    classes="rounded"
/>

You can add text, images, and emojis to your comments.

<ProductScreenshot
    imageLight={addCommentLight}
    imageDark={addCommentDark}
    alt="The text area that lets you add a comment"
    classes="rounded"
/>

If you want to quickly highlight something great or terrible in a recording, you can add emoji reactions.

<ProductScreenshot
    imageLight={quickReactionsLight}
    imageDark={quickReactionsDark}
    alt="How to add a quick emoji reaction"
    classes="rounded"
/>

> Once created comments and reactions will be available at the bottom of your recording in the timeline, or in the player's activity inspector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once created, comments and reactions are available at the bottom of your recording in the timeline or in the player's activity inspector.
```
